I have deposited the files we discussed in the folder “Shared_PTX_PPTX_TimeCourseData” under "Experiments". 
This includes the “raw” output from DIANN and MaxQuant for proteomics and phosphoproteomics, respectively. Both datasets were searched against the UniProt proteome of the Chinese hamster UP000694386.
As an orientation, for proteomics, we work with the protein group table (report.pg_matrix) and for phosphoproteomics, we take a look at the sites table (phospho (ST)Sites, positions on the protein for serine and threonine phosphorylation sites). (The modificationSpecificPeptides table we are using “only” for calculating enrichment efficiency/specificity for the enrichment process regarding phosphopeptides vs. all peptides, incl. unspecific binders=unmodified peptides). 
Further, I have added tables after my initial processing (log2 transformation, removing contaminants, reverse peptides, adding gene and functional annotation if possible, etc.) and filtering (only proteins identified in all samples for proteomics and only sites with a localization probability of > 75% and those that were identified in all samples of at least one group for phosphoproteomics) as discussed. 
Regarding the proteomics data set, I have not “collapsed” the multiple gene variants here, so you can do it in any way or form you prefer and not have to work with a suboptimal “median” of intensities instead of a sum. (Additionally, there are entries with multiple genes listed and entries with no associated gene, but the protein description matches another entry. For example, two protein groups are associated with the PKM gene and one additional entry is missing the gene but clearly stating pyruvate kinase in the protein description). 
Additionally, even though I use the same search space and annotation (Unipot database, see above) for both searches, MaxQuant and DIANN differ in their output regarding gene naming and protein description. Consider this (and apparent differences in search algorithms) if you want to compare the proteomic and phosphoproteomic results/tables (automatically).
Regarding the phosphoproteomics dataset, I have included two tables. One includes imputation to deal with the missing values (With 0.3; downshift 1.8, separately for each column); the other set was not imputed.
These processed tables contain all time points, and you can split these two separate days/experiments (exp. Phase/stat. phase) as you see fit.
Again, all listed values are log2 intensities.
Additionally, there is a table for meta information on the samples and their groupings. This is relatively straightforward; samples were labelled 1-36 for ease of processing and labelling during sample preparation and analysis. Here, and in the processed tables, you will find grouping towards the time points (TP01-TP06 exp. phase; TP07-TP12 stat. phase) and origin (reactor E09, E10 or E12) as well as the phase of fermentation (exp./stat.).
As a reminder, two samples for the TP09 in the PPTX dataset are not included, as there was an injection error during the analysis. Those two samples are currently waiting to be remeasured.

